feat(curriculum) add envelope budget app (#64427)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/javascript-v9/workshop-envelope-budget-app/index.md

---
title: Introduction to the Build an Envelope Budget App
block: workshop-envelope-budget-app
superBlock: javascript-v9
---

## Introduction to the Build an Envelope Budget App

Sometimes when you're coding a web application, you'll need to be able to accept input from a user. In this envelope budget app project, you'll learn how to validate user input, perform calculations based on that input, and dynamically update your interface to display the results.

> In this practice project, you'll learn basic regular expressions, template literals, the <code>addEventListener()</code> method, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this workshop, you'll learn basic regular expressions, template literals, the 1addEventListener()1 method, and more.
```
